a camera is moving down Al Jala Street
this is where the Israeli soldiers were
stationed for 6 days during that time
everyone was trapped in their homes
however we were able to document a
number of testimonies from Witnesses
through the narrow Windows of the
buildings our crew was in we also saw
Israeli tanks and soldiers moving around
shelling and firing indiscriminately
they destroyed any infrastructure Still
Standing the Christian Youth Association
a few meters behind me were shelled and
more than 12 people inside were killed
their bodies are still laying there
Israeli soldiers Set Fire to the
buildings I'm now standing at the
intersection of Al Jala and alw to my
left is part of Al Jala Street and ahead
of me is alwah road as you can see the
families trapped inside their homes for
days are now trying to leave to the west
of Gaza City to the far right to the far
end of Al Jala Street the scale of the
destruction is massive the damage is
huge behind me is the extension of the
alwaha road leading to the alifa medical
complex this is the aftermath of the
latest air strike by Israeli war
planes I can see many bodies below these
concrete slob runes there are no civil
defense teams no heavy equipment we are
helpless the bodies will remain under
the rubble for weeks because all the
roads are closed and there is no heavy
equipment to help bodies thrown all over
the roads and under the debris your
cameras have documented this
repeatedly Israeli tanks and soldiers
came here destroying everything in their
path leveling It All To The Ground they
destroyed this building which had more
than 150 women and children inside a few
minutes later the soldiers withdrew and
F-16 fighter jets pounded them with
their missiles then the tanks returned
to make sure everyone was dead they
buried the survivors alive the
bulldozers came and pushed Rubble over
them to bury them all many many of those
women and children were still alive and
screaming for help but the Israeli
occupation forces fired at them we were
watching from a distance unable to do
anything we tried to call the civil
defense to come to their rescue but the
whole area was surrounded by tongues
Israeli soldiers kept firing at them we
found the body of a woman with her baby
both beheaded completely headless their
heads were separated from their bodies
we managed to bury them in that open
area over there and this happened right
before our eyes
make sure to subscribe to our channnel
to get the latest news from Al
jazer